well the government is writing to
universities in England for the second
time in the last few weeks warning them
that not enough is being done to stop
the rise of anti-Semitic incidents on
campuses some Pro Palestinian students
say they've also been let down by the
way universities have responded to the
conflict in the Middle East our
education correspondent Elaine Dunley
has been talking to students to hear
their
experiences we are seeing so much
intimidation so much hatred so much
abuse which Jewish students are get the
union of Jewish students they've been
inundated with incidents of
anti-Semitism there's been a significant
increase in Jewish students saying they
no longer feel safe at University there
are Jewish students reporting threats of
physical assault there are Jewish
students who are questioning whether
they should be outwardly displaying
their Jewish identity there are Jewish
students who are questioning whether
they should even be attending their
lectures on the phone there are images
and messages Jewish students have
received most are too graphic to show
it's calling for violence it saying
where should be violence towards
Israelis towards Jewish people and again
I can imagine these poor students who
are seeing these things these
postgraduate students are members of a
Palestinian Society in Oxford activism
has replaced academic life fre free
palese they feel let down by the
university and say whilst they have been
offered mental health support the
conflict in Gaza has not had the same
response as other Wars uh when Russia
invaded Ukraine the University made a
clear and strong uh statement condemning
the Russian invasion of Ukraine
rightfully so it makes us wonder when
and why the university decides to act in
some cases of humanitarian crisis and
not in others in a statement the
University of Oxford says it's been
clear in calling for a peaceful solution
for the peoples of Israel and Palestine
universities play a critical role in
encouraging debate and freedom of speech
but with a conflict where words have
failed to describe the grimness or find
a solution managing discussions and
demos on campuses are difficult we want
to
recognize and ensure that the right for
All Views is is maintained and we create
a circumstance for those to be
articulated provided it's not violating
the law it's not inciting hatred when
people put our safe space at risk we
will act and I will do so not only to
protect Jewish students but I'll do so
to protect Palestinian students cease
fire now cease fire now for some
students the war and a humanitarian
crisis thousands of miles away has
brought fear and anger to university
life here in the UK Ela Dunley BBC
News